[API design / YAML changes] Policy automations: install App Store apps on macOS (#23435)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| available_for_install   | boolean | query | If `true` or `1`, only list software that is available for install (added by the user). Default is `false`.                                                                |
| self_service            | boolean | query | If `true` or `1`, only lists self-service software. Default is `false`.  |
| packages_only           | boolean | query | If `true` or `1`, only lists packages available for install (without App Store apps).  |

> | platforms               | string | query |  Platform to filter software titles by. Defaults to all platforms.  |

Author: @rachaelshaw @getvictor We need this API change to [support this UI](https://www.figma.com/design/KqOMIwEQTBAPrUuhmRsS9n/%2323115-Policy-automations%3A-install-App-Store-apps-on-macOS?node-id=5329-2088&node-type=frame&t=8DG55bzK2npr3lPb-11). A bit of context: for policy automation, we're going to support all packages and App Store apps for macOS (excluding iOS and iPadOS). 

So as part of API request, we need to specify multiple platforms. @rachaelshaw Do we have similar behavior in somewhere else?

I was thinking for this one to allow user to specify `platform` multiple times, e.g.:

`/api/v1/fleet/software/titles?team_id=3&platform=darwin&platform=windows&platform=linux`

Reviewer: In queries & policies it's a comma-separated string ([example](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/d746b9179aed8a60542f8be947b984ad94524e76/it-and-security/lib/collect-fleetd-information.yml#L13))

Author: @rachaelshaw It's part of the request body in queries and policies API (POST). I'm just wondering what would be best practice in REST API for these kind of things when it's query.

Something like this?
`/api/v1/fleet/software/titles?team_id=3&platform=darwin,windows,linux`

Author: @rachaelshaw Wdyt?

Reviewer 2: The preference from the FE would the first @getvictor suggested (i.e. `?platform=darwin&platform=windows&platform=linux`.)

> | platforms               | string | query |  Platform to filter software titles by. Defaults to all platforms.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| platforms               | string | query |  Comma-separated list of platforms to filter software titles by. (Options are: `"macos"`, `"windows"`, `"linux"`, `"chome"`, `"iOS"`, `"iPadOS"`.) If empty, includes all platforms.  |
```

Author: @rachaelshaw I think if we want to go with approach that Vicror proposed in a comment above, then this description needs to be adjusted.

      "latest_version": "2.04",
      "icon_url": "https://is1-ssl.mzstatic.com/image/thumb/Purple211/v4/f1/65/1e/a4844ccd-486d-455f-bb31-67336fe46b14/AppIcon-1x_U007emarketing-0-7-0-85-220-0.png/512x512bb.jpg",
      "self_service": true,
      "automatic_install_policies": [
        {

>           "policy_id": 345,
>           "policy_name": "[Install software] Logic Pro",

Reviewer: I'd suggest using the same key names as policies (so it's the same data, just a simplified version)
```suggestion
          "id": 345,
          "name": "[Install software] Logic Pro",
```

        } 

>       ], 

Reviewer 3: @marko-lisica I think this needs to be in the policy, and not in the software title. This will be consistent with non-vpp software: https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/pull/22315/files

Also, policy and vpp apps are linked to a team, while software title can be across several teams.

Author: > And we should add this info to policy endpoints as well.

@getvictor Which endpoints do you think we need to change?

I think we have all necessary data in team policy endpoints and `/spec/policies` endpoint [here](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/API-for-contributors.md?plain=1#L1523).

Reviewer 3: @marko-lisica Yes, you're right. It seems `name` and `software_title_id` will still work for VPP apps.
